C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\App.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\appsettings.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.exe
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.deps.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.pdb
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Settings.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.Debug.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Text.Json.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\browser\lib\net8.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.g.resources
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.W.F2A3CE1B.Up2Date
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.pdb
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName.Wpf\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\appsettings.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.exe
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.deps.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.pdb
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Http.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Settings.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.Debug.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Text.Json.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\browser\lib\net8.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\App.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.g.resources
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.W.F2A3CE1B.Up2Date
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.pdb
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\noName.WpfApp.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\clientsettings.json
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.Resources.hmiLabels.resources
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\CsvHelper.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Irony.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\SixLabors.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\XLParser.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Emgu.CV.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\cvextern.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\cvextern.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\libusb-1.0.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\opencv_videoio_ffmpeg490_64.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\cvextern.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\libusb-1.0.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\opencv_videoio_ffmpeg490.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\concrt140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_1.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_2.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\vcruntime140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\vcruntime140_1.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\concrt140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_1.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_2.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\vcruntime140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\vcruntime140_1.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\concrt140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_1.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_2.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\vcruntime140.dll
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\PopUpWindow\CabinDetailsWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\PopUpWindow\CabinDetailsWindow.baml
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\LayoutView\LayoutCreaterView.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\noName\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\LayoutView\LayoutCreaterView.baml
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\appsettings.json
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\clientsettings.json
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.exe
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.deps.json
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.pdb
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\ClosedXML.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\CsvHelper.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Emgu.CV.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\ExcelNumberFormat.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Irony.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Json.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Physical.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.FileSystemGlobbing.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Http.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.ConfigurationExtensions.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Settings.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.Console.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.Debug.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Serilog.Sinks.File.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\SixLabors.Fonts.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Text.Json.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\XLParser.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\cvextern.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\cvextern.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\libusb-1.0.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\opencv_videoio_ffmpeg490_64.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\cvextern.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\libusb-1.0.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\opencv_videoio_ffmpeg490.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\concrt140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_1.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_2.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\vcruntime140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\vcruntime140_1.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\concrt140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_1.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_2.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\vcruntime140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\vcruntime140_1.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\concrt140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_1.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_2.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_atomic_wait.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\msvcp140_codecvt_ids.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\vcruntime140.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\browser\lib\net8.0\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\PopUpWindow\CabinDetailsWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\App.g.cs
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\PopUpWindow\CabinDetailsWindow.baml
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.g.resources
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.Resources.hmiLabels.resources
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.W.F2A3CE1B.Up2Date
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\refint\noName.WpfApp.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.pdb
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\noName.WpfApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\obj\Debug\net8.0-windows\ref\noName.WpfApp.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\browser-wasm\nativeassets\net8.0\e_sqlite3.a
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-musl-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-musl-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-ppc64le\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-s390x\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\maccatalyst-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\maccatalyst-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\linux-x64\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\osx-x64\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x64\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win-x86\native\SQLite.Interop.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\eva.valentova\Desktop\Soukrome\Nová složka\ff\noName.WpfApp\noName.WpfApp\bin\Debug\net8.0-windows\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
